Add App Connect section (#1371)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/sandboxedApplication.rst

Please refer to the :ref:`kernel-developer-guide` to learn more on writing Kernel Applications and building Multi-Sandbox Executable and Virtual Devices.

> Managing Sandboxed Applications with AppConnect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AppConnect Application Management
```

shorten

================================================

**AppConnect** is an embedded library designed to simplify the management of on-board Sandboxed Applications directly on the device.

> It provides services to install, start, stop, and uninstall Sandboxed Applications, as well as retrieve metadata about the deployed Applications and the target device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides services to install, start, stop, and uninstall applications, as well as to retrieve metadata about both deployed applications and the target device.
```

Minimize the repeated use of 'sandboxed' and 'managed' to improve readability.

The library features a full-fledged HTTP server (listening on port ``4001`` by default) and exposes its services through a REST API.

AppConnect supports three modes of interaction:

> - A Web application built on top of the `Vue.js <https://vuejs.org>`_ framework that allows users to interact with the managed Sandboxed Applications via a Web UI or REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A web application enabling users to access and control applications via a web interface or REST API.
```

remove framework mention, keep the doc feature oriented.

- A CLI provided as a ``.jar`` executable that receives commands and forwards them to the the HTTP server for execution.
- A serial module that operates independently of the HTTP server, providing a shell for receiving and executing commands over a serial connection (UART).

AppConnect Web UI
-----------------

Installed Applications are listed on the Web UI, and they can be started, stopped, or uninstalled.

> .. figure:: images/app_connect_web_ui.png

Reviewer: Add tags to the image and document each part like the following

<img width="1910" height="781" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/396efcb2-cab9-4796-bdf5-d2c0ecc8c4fd" />

1) Device information showing X,Y, Z
2) Toggle CPU, RAM monitoring for apps when supported by the device
3) App state, Running, Stopped
4) Action buttons to start, stop or uninstall an app
5) Connect to MicroEJ App Store

Please take another screenshot with two apps showing different states and buttons. first app running and second app stopped.

Also if you can take a screenshot with the monitoring option enabled it would be great

Author: Fixed here: https://github.com/MicroEJ/docs/pull/1371/commits/a90e5ab7262e0267dfc4ccf32097a360aecc5978

   :alt: AppConnect Web UI
   :align: center
   :scale: 75%

AppConnect REST API
-------------------

> The REST API exposes the following endpoints to manage the board and its installed Sandboxed Applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REST API exposes the following endpoints to manage the board and its installed applications:
```

**Endpoint:** ``GET /api/app``.

Get Application Icon
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Return the Application icon (if it is set in the Application's metadata).

**Endpoint:** ``GET /api/app/icon?id=(application identifier)&preferredSize=(preferred size, default 64)``.

Install Applications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Install an application on the device.

**Endpoint:** ``POST /api/app/install?force=(true|false)&start=(true|false)``.

**Required parameters:** ``binary``.

**Form data:**

- ``binary``: The Application binary compatible with the target board or the simulator (e.g., ``.fo`` or ``.fs3``).

**Optional query parameters:**

- ``name``: The name of the Application, used to identify and overwrite an existing application when ``force`` is set to ``true``.
- ``force``: If ``true``, uninstall any existing application with the same name before installing the new one. Default: ``false``.
- ``start``: If ``true``, automatically start the application after installation. Default: ``false``.

> Manage Installed Applications
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage Applications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

Start, stop, or uninstall an installed Application.

**Endpoint:** ``POST /api/app/manage?id=(application identifier)&action=(start|stop|uninstall)``.

**Required parameters:** ``id``, ``action``.

AppConnect CLI
--------------

> The AppConnect CLI is delivered as a ``.jar`` `executable <https://forge.microej.com/ui/repos/tree/General/microej-developer-repository-release/com/microej/library/appconnect-cli>`_ and provides a command-line interface for interacting with AppConnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Java-based command-line (CLI) tool that serves as a headless interface, offering the full functionality of the web application through its REST API, while enabling seamless automation and scripting directly from the command line.

The CLI is available for download at the following `link <https://forge.microej.com/ui/repos/tree/General/microej-developer-repository-release/com/microej/library/appconnect-cli>`_.

Download the latest version of `appconnect-cli-<version>.jar` from this page and follow the usage instructions outlined below.
```

I recommend removing the description from the overview and replacing it with internal links to the relevant sections to avoid duplication. For example:

AppConnect supports three modes of interaction:

* Web App: see \:ref:`web-app-section`
* REST API: see \:ref:`rest-api-section`
* HTTP CLI: see \:ref:`http-cli-section`
* Serial Shell: see \:ref:`serial-shell-section`

=================================

**AppConnect** is an embedded library designed to simplify the management of on-board Sandboxed Applications directly on the device.
It provides services to install, start, stop, and uninstall applications, as well as to retrieve metadata about both deployed applications and the target device.
The library includes a full-fledged HTTP server, providing a comprehensive REST API along with a web-based graphical interface.

AppConnect supports four modes of interaction:

- Web App — See :ref:`web_app_section`.
- REST API — See :ref:`rest_api_section`.
- HTTP CLI — See :ref:`http_cli_section`.
- Serial Shell — See :ref:`serial_shell_section`.

.. _web_app_section:

AppConnect Web App
------------------

Installed Applications are listed on the Web UI, and they can be started, stopped, or uninstalled.

The screenshot below highlights the following elements:

1. Device information that displays the firmware UID, name and version.
2. CPU and RAM monitoring when supported by the device and the applications.
3. The current state of each application (``INSTALLED``, ``RUNNING`` , or ``STOPPED``).
4. Action buttons to start, stop, or uninstall applications.

> 5. Connection to the MicroEJ App Store.

Author: Done here: https://github.com/MicroEJ/docs/pull/1371/commits/05bf03451ad3e4bcd2eed4f056d24da8fc56f674

- ``force``: If ``true``, uninstall any existing application with the same name before installing the new one. Default: ``false``.
- ``start``: If ``true``, automatically start the application after installation. Default: ``false``.

Manage Applications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Start, stop, or uninstall an installed Application.

**Endpoint:** ``POST /api/app/manage?id=(application identifier)&action=(start|stop|uninstall)``.

**Required parameters:** ``id``, ``action``.

.. _http_cli_section:

AppConnect HTTP CLI
-------------------

AppConnect CLI is a Java-based command-line (CLI) tool that serves as a headless interface, offering the full functionality of the web application through its REST API, while enabling seamless automation and scripting directly from the command line.

The CLI is available for download at the following `link <https://forge.microej.com/ui/repos/tree/General/microej-developer-repository-release/com/microej/library/appconnect-cli>`_.

Download the latest version of `appconnect-cli-<version>.jar` from this page and follow the usage instructions outlined below.

Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> AppConnect CLI requires JDK 17 or higher.

Reviewer: can't this work with Java 11 or even 8 ? can you please double check

   For detailed command usage, type 'help <command>'.

After starting the CLI, connect to your device using the command:

.. code-block::

     connect <ip>

Once the connection is established, you can execute various commands to manage applications.

.. code-block::

   * connect: Connect to AppConnect server running on board.
   * start: Start an app.
   * stop: Stop an app.
   * install: Install an app.
   * uninstall: Uninstall an app.
   * device-info: Get information about the device such as firmware ID, name, version, etc.
   * list, ls: List information about applications such as PID, name, version, state.

For detailed information on any command, use the ``--help`` option with that command.

.. _serial_shell_section:

AppConnect Serial Shell
-----------------------

The ``appconnect-serial`` module provides a shell for use over a serial connection (UART). It reads commands from an input stream, and writes execution results to an output stream.

Requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^

AppConnect Serial requires the Serial Pack and API.

Usage
^^^^^

The ``appconnect-serial`` can be integrated into a Sandboxed Application as follows:

> 1. Add the ``appconnect-serial`` dependency to the :ref:`Runtime Environment <runtime_environment>` of your Kernel.

Reviewer: The `appconnect-serial` dependency can be added directly to the application. Please recommend this simpler approach instead of the more advanced method using the runtime environment.

> 2. Define the list of permissions required to use AppConnect in an Application. For more information about permissions, please refer to this :ref:`section <application_declared_permissions>`.

Reviewer: Please note: this applies **only if the security manager is enabled in the kernel** and its implementation enforces permission checks.

For example:

If the security manager is enabled and enforcing permission checks, the following permissions must be granted to the application.

Then list the required permissions

Author: Done here: https://github.com/MicroEJ/docs/pull/1371/commits/05bf03451ad3e4bcd2eed4f056d24da8fc56f674
